[Music]
you know I never actually realized how
much I love my son until that night the
night of the accident we were driving on
a highway singing along to our favorite
song on the radio getting back home from
an awesome vacation you could probably
say we're a perfect family the three of
us my wife Martha my son Jack and me
none of us have an ear for music but we
still love singing and dancing in fact
that's how I met Martha in the first
place but that's a story for another day
so like I said we were speeding along
the road happy and carefree for once it
was late evening but the sky was still
pretty bright and the air was crisp and
clear I was behind the wheel
my wife sat beside me and Jack was in
the back seat behind her I never noticed
that Jeep the man who was driving it
said he hadn't seen us either but I
don't know what to think
anyway he crashed into us from the right
and both our cars skidded along the road
for a dozen feet or so before stopping I
passed out for a short while striking
the driver's window with my head but
otherwise unhurt when I came to I was
afraid to look at my right but I had to
my heart skipped a beat at first but
then I sighed shakily with relief they
were unconscious but alive I've never
been that grateful for seatbelts still
they were obviously not fine at all it
turned out that the other driver had
already called an ambulance while I'd
been out cold
and they soon arrived and took us all in
Martha came to her senses in the car but
Jack didn't the paramedics said it was
all right
he was just knocked out but I couldn't
stop worrying yet there was little I
could do so I just held Martha in Jack's
hands and mine and hope for the best in
the hospital after several long hours of
restless wait they said Martha was
extremely lucky she got away with
nothing but a slight concussion and a
few bruises big ones granted but still
just bruises I was ready to give the
doctor a hug for that piece of nose I
didn't do that of course I just smiled
with relief and thanked her
she didn't smile back it was then I knew
something was wrong with Jack it turned
out to be his kidneys the impact shook
him so much that they were failing he
needed a transplant and soon I was
petrified I couldn't wrap my mind around
the fact that my 15 year old son was in
critical condition
both me and my wife took tests to see
whether one of us was a match for him I
was I had long talks with doctors about
this operation they explained everything
to me describe the risks but I only know
one thing this was the least I could do
for my son so when they asked me the
final time whether I was ready to donate
one of my kidneys to Jack my answer was
affirm yes they did more tests and I
turned out to be healthy enough the
surgery was then scheduled for the
following week when Jack was ready I
could barely eat and sleep and Martha
was in a similar condition she made a
strong face but I could see right
through it she was worried sick for both
of us finally the day came and they took
me into the hospital for preparations
soon I was lying on a hospital bed and a
doctor put a mask on my face telling me
to count from ten to one I counted to
seven and then there was nothing the
operation was successful
my son had my kidney in him now and he
was doing fine jack was going to recover
and that was all I wanted he had to stay
in the hospital for some time but the
worst was past
Martha sat there every day next to him
on his bed and they talked and talked
like never before I nearly cried with
joy watching them the two people I loved
the most in my life in three weeks time
they released him at last he had to use
crutches to walk but the doctor said he
was going to be fine so of course there
was now a strict regimen to follow at
least for a while but Jack was young and
his body was strong the kidney he
received adapted well to his body he
called me his hero what else could a
father wish for right five years have
passed since then but I still remember
that day
as if it were yesterday Jack graduated
from high school and went on to college
I was never so proud as on the day he
was accepted he came to me then and told
me everything overjoyed and I'm still
proud of my boy I enjoy watching him
going about his business studying arts
and literature like I did Martha wasn't
really surprised by his choice after all
Jack had always been my little copy she
even asked me sometimes jokingly if she
had anything to do with his birth after
all and now I can see that she's happy
because of it too they come to visit me
every month or so they sit beside me
share the news tell me everything that I
missed and update me on their current
affairs they don't know I can hear them
but they still remember and love me I
can sense that yep I didn't make it that
day but that was alright I was ready for
it after all everything that mattered
was that my boy so bright and full of
potential should be fine and that was
the least I could do for him
[Music]
you